well since the War Began on October the
7th Israel's bombing campaign across the
Gaza Strip has killed
7,028 Palestinians that's according to
the health Ministry It also says that
more than 100 Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank have been killed in
just over two weeks meanwhile the
Israeli government says more than 1,400
Israelis were killed in hamus military
operation the Palestinian ambassador to
the UN has addressed an emergency
sitting of the general assembly in New
York it follows two failed security
Council resolutions tabled by the US and
Russia he called on countries not to
allow Israel to violate international
law the answer to the killing of
Palestinian civilians is not the killing
of Israeli
civilians and the answer to the killing
of Israeli civilians is not the killing
of Palestinian
civilians vengeance is a dead
end the only path forward is justice
the only path forward is justice justice
for the Palestinian people don't distort
the law don't bend it don't break it
don't betray it to accommodate Israel
Israel's ambassador to the UN says the
current conflict can't be seen in the
context of previous
history the October 7th Massacre and
what ensued
has nothing to do with the Palestinians
nothing it has nothing to do with the
Arab Israeli conflict or the Palestinian
question this is not a war with the
Palestinians Israel is at war with the
genocidal jihadist Hamas Terror
organization only it is the law abiding
democracy of Israel against
modernday
Nazis Iran's foreign ministers say
Western Powers have double standards in
their attitude to the
war it has been three weeks that we have
been witness to the war crimes and
genoside of the occupying Israeli regime
in
Kaza and the West Bank of
Palestine the United
States and several European countries
have sided with the occupying regime of
Israel without observing the UN Charter
and international law ad is joining us
now he's professor of political science
and Middle East studies at wford
University thank you very much indeed uh
for being with us you were sitting with
us as those speeches were were going to
air um they were very powerful they were
very emotive the Israeli ambassador was
holding up pictures of those who' been
uh killed and injured in the events of
October the 7th what's your assessment
of what you've been hearing so far yeah
I think the speech of Riyad was very
well written and was was very well
delivered also he uh delivered it with
emotions with uh appealing to the uh
delegates to vote for peace and to vote
for the should just explain we're
talking about
the Palestinian the Palestinian that's
the first speech I think it it touched
the hearts of many people and that was
reflected in the long Applause he
received a few times in the middle and
at the end they gave him long
Applause now we come to the Israeli
speech very strange speech honestly he
as if history started on the 7th of
October and ended on the 7th of October
no one supposed to think outside this
Frame work he put a frame for the people
think only what happened these
atrocities what happened to the children
what happened this what but what
happened before 7th of October to put it
in context or what happened what what
Israeli did after the sth of October it
was completely missing and the most U
unacceptable statement he made that it's
not a war against the Palestinian it's a
war against Hamas and those who are
killed 7,000 probably none of them Hamas
it's mostly at least 70 over 70% women
and children not counting the UN staff
not counting the elderly not counting
the Ona student and Ona also staff so
how could he address the uh the public
193 countries and say it's not a war
against the Palestinian that is I found
it that's too uh to too hard to swallow
M and he appealed also again with the
with the delegates not to vote for this
resolution it looks like there is so
much mobilization from both parties the
Arab uh on one side and the Israeli to
the uh delegates to vote or not to vote
so there is so much and we're going to
see that reflecting in the results of
the vote we not we might not find a huge
number of people voting for The the
draft resolution but of course it will
pass but maybe maybe with 128 130
125 so I expect along those uh lines one
of the things that that I noticed was
was that there was uh a repeated
reference certainly among on the
Palestinian side to double standards
yeah those who were siding with Israeli
they was the Israelis they said were
focusing only on the deaths of the
Israelis and why were they not
considering the the deaths of the
Palestinians at the same time of course
the Israeli ambassador to the UN almost
saying exactly the same thing things
saying it is H hypocrisy to not take
into account the 1400 Israelis who have
been killed on October the 7th when only
to focus on the the pr of plight of the
Palestinians it's um a difficult
argument to make to a degree on both
sides to try to persuade the other to to
go with that when we are dealing with
such a polarized situation very true but
uh I mean it looks very clear now with
the number of deaths in Gaza the number
of casualties rising up to 7,000 and no
one can deny that there is a double
standard on the part of some Western
countries who kept lining behind Israel
and did not call for immediate ceasefire
so it shows I mean that is a kind of
support for one side against the other
the what the Palestinian been longing
for is to be addressed as a humans as
being the victims who were under
occupation and not look from the only
the lenses of Israel seeing that these
atrocities committed on the 7th of
October so that's why the Palestinians
been and the Arabs in general always
raise the issue of double standard if
one Israeli is killed is one thing one
story but if pal 10 Palestinian or 50
Palestinian killed then it's another
story that's what the uh this analogy
always come back to the floors of the
general assembly about the double
standard both in the security ccil Andia
the Israelis want also the deleg to
adapt their own narratives which
sometime I I found that is not
convincing because there is occupation
here you cannot deny it you cannot look
the other way you cannot deny that the
Palestinians are being subject to most
brutal occupation for 56 years and Gaza
under siege for 16 years these are the
facts so why people ignore that why the
uh the draft resolution of the did not
mention even that so that is where the
uh the Arabs and Palestinians keep
complaining about this dou stand really
appreciate your analysis on this Abdul
Sam thank you for no thank you very much
indeed